:memo: [#405] Add deprecation WARNING to the objecten Helm chart (#408)
maykinmedia/charts: charts/objecten/README.md

API om objecten te beheren die behoren bij een bepaald objecttype

## Introduction

> [!WARNING]
> ⚠️ **DEPRECATED** ⚠️
>
> With the release of Open Object `4.0`, which combines the `objects-api` and
> `objecttypes-api` into a single application, a new Helm chart, `openobject`,
> was introduced. This chart is now the recommended and supported solution for
> deploying Open Object.
>
> The `objecten` and `objecttypen` charts remain available only for existing

> > deployments running Open Object `3.6.x` and earlier. They are not compatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> deployments running Objecten API `3.6.x` and earlier. They are not compatible
```

> > deployments running Open Object `3.6.x` and earlier. They are not compatible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> deployments running Objecten API `3.6.x` and earlier. They are not compatible
```

> with Open Object `4.0` or later versions.
>
> For a complete overview of the changes included in Open Object `4.0`, please
> refer to the application's CHANGELOG: https://open-object.readthedocs.io/en/latest/changelog.html
>

> > The `objecten` chart follows the project's deprecation policy and will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The `objecten` chart follows the application's deprecation policy and will
```

> remain available for **12 months after the deprecation announcement**. After this period, the chart may be removed.

This chart can be used to deploy Open Object on a Kubernetes cluster using the Helm package manager.

* [Source code](https://github.com/maykinmedia/open-object/)
* [Documentation](https://open-object.readthedocs.io/)

> * [Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/maykinmedia/open-object)

Reviewer: <4.0 uses the old image
```suggestion
* [Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/r/maykinmedia/objects-api)
```
